chore(quic): changelog and remove dup quic field (#10037)
emqx/emqx: changes/ce/fix-10037.en.md

> Fix Swagger API doc rendering crash and disallow dup fields in HOCON schema.

Reviewer: The disallow dup fields is not visible to user/customer.
```suggestion
Fix Swagger API doc rendering crash.
In version 5.0.18, a bug was introduced that resulted in duplicated field names in the configuration schema. This, in turn, caused the Swagger schema generated to become invalid.
```
